README.md, before:

### Date created
Added on Wednesday, March 11th, 2020.

### Project Title
Explore US Bikeshare data

### Description
Over the past decade, bicycle-sharing systems have been growing in number and popularity in cities
across the world. Bicycle-sharing systems allow users to rent bicycles on a very short-term basis for a
price. This allows people to borrow a bike from point A and return it at point B, though they can also
return it to the same location if they'd like to just go for a ride. Regardless, each bike can serve several
users per day.

Thanks to the rise in information technologies, it is easy for a user of the system to access a dock within
the system to unlock or return bicycles. These technologies also provide a wealth of data that can be
used to explore how these bike-sharing systems are used. This program contains data provided by Motivate,
a bike share system provider for many major cities in the United States.

We use this data to explore US bikeshare. The program prompts you for inputs regarding your choice of
country to analyse and whether or not you want to apply filters to the data. On following the 
prompts, the program performs a summary analysis on the data and displays the results.

### Technologies
To run the program, you need python, pandas and numpy installed on your machine. To install the three
in a go, you can simply install the latest version of Anaconda.

### Files used
* bikeshare_2.py: Holds the boiler plate for the project
* solution.py: Holds the final working project

### Credits
Credit goes to the Udacity Team for the support provided.

Commit message:

Update the README.md file to include Anaconda download link

README.md, after:

### Date created
Added on Wednesday, March 11th, 2020.

### Project Title
Explore US Bikeshare data

### Description
Over the past decade, bicycle-sharing systems have been growing in number and popularity in cities
across the world. Bicycle-sharing systems allow users to rent bicycles on a very short-term basis for a
price. This allows people to borrow a bike from point A and return it at point B, though they can also
return it to the same location if they'd like to just go for a ride. Regardless, each bike can serve several
users per day.

Thanks to the rise in information technologies, it is easy for a user of the system to access a dock within
the system to unlock or return bicycles. These technologies also provide a wealth of data that can be
used to explore how these bike-sharing systems are used. This program contains data provided by Motivate,
a bike share system provider for many major cities in the United States.

We use this data to explore US bikeshare. The program prompts you for inputs regarding your choice of
country to analyse and whether or not you want to apply filters to the data. On following the 
prompts, the program performs a summary analysis on the data and displays the results.

### Technologies
To run the program, you need python, pandas and numpy installed on your machine. To install the three
in a go, you can simply install the latest version of Anaconda. To download Anaconda, visit
[the Anaconda download page](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/#download-section)

### Files used
* bikeshare_2.py: Holds the boiler plate for the project
* solution.py: Holds the final working project

### Credits
Credit goes to the Udacity Team for the support provided.
